Adds information on how to build and translate the application (#51)
kandidatg11/behaviour-activation: README.md

const dict = useTranslation();
dict.keyword; // or dict["keyword"]
```

## Building

### Preperation
Building the application requires you to have [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Expo CLI](https://expo.io/tools#cli) installed.
To get started simply clone the repo, open a terminal at project root and run `npm ci` to install all dependencies.

> You can now choose to build either a development build or an archive.

Author: Interesting thing here. An archive seems to be the name for the same thing android calls a package. But perhaps a package is easier to understand and thus fits better in this context.

### Development build

To build an interactive development version of the application run `npm start` in the project root.

> This will build and launch and interactive version of the application that is accessable as either

Author: Actually just an extra "d" on the second "and".

a website or an Android/iOS app through [Expo Go](https://expo.io/tools#client).

> ### Building archive

Author: See previous comment.

> To build an Android or iOS archive run either `expo build:android` or `expo build:ios` in the project root.

Author: Here i can use their respective names.

This will open a propt where you will be required to login to an expo account that will be responsible for the build.

**Note:** If you're the publisher of the application remember that `expo build` will run `expo publish` automaticly if the build succeeds.

When the build is done the archive will be available on your Expo account thourgh the link given by Expo CLI.
For more build options please check out the Expo [documentation](https://docs.expo.io/distribution/building-standalone-apps/#3-start-the-build).

## Translation

Behaviour activation supports multiple luanguages and its easy to add additional languages.

> Adding a new language consists of two steps: 1. translations the actual app 2. tell the application that language exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a new language consists of two steps: 
1. translations the actual app 
2. tell the application that language exists.
```

Maybe?

### Translating the application
The first step in order to translate the application is to make a **copy** of the en english translation located at `src/language/en.tsx` and
name it in accordance to the ISO 639-1 standard. (If you're unsure what language code to use you can find a list of them all over
[here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes)) You can now open the file and change the first occurance of `en` to your

> language code. You're now ready to start translating!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language code. You are now ready to start translating!
```
More formally langugage, im not sure it´s nessesary tho

Author: Not really a super formal context and wanted to be consistent.

> language code. You're now ready to start translating!

Author: This text is written for someone with 0 coding skills, thus no lingo should be known and is therefore avoided.

> language code. You're now ready to start translating!

Author: But i did forget about the export part.

Each line contains a so called key-value pair. The "key" (left) represent where in the application the text is located and the "value" (right)
represents the text that is displayed. **Note:** The "keys" should always be the same and should not be changed.

> To translate the application simply change the "value" within the two " (quotation marks) to the translated word/sentence. If you're unsure how

Reviewer: 'text' is okey now and ' is used insted of "

to translate a specific sentence check out the "key" for a clue of the context. It's also recommended to use the application itself to see where
values are located.

### Adding a new lanuage to the application
To add a new language to the application we have to modify some of the code located in the `src/language/index.tsx`. If you're not a coder don't
be alarmed! We will go through everything you need change step by step.

1. Open the index file located at `src/language/index.tsx`.
2. Copy the the following line `import en from 'language/en';` and replace `en` with your language code and place it bellow the other `import` lines.

> 3. Add your language code to the line starting with `export type LanguageName = 'sv' ` by adding `| 'en'` replaced with your language code at the end of the line just before the `;` character. Example: `export type LanguageName = 'sv';` becomes `export type LanguageName = 'sv' | 'en;'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add your language code to the line starting with `export type LanguageName = 'sv' 
` by adding `| 'en'` replaced with your language code at the end of the line just before
 the `;` character. Example: `export type LanguageName = 'sv';` becomes `export type 
 LanguageName = 'sv' | 'en;'`.
```
forgot to end quote

> 4. At last add `'en': en,` replaced with your language code just bellow the line `export const languages: Languages = {`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. At last add `'en': en,` replaced with your language code just below the line `export const languages: Languages = {`. The further up you put it compared to other languages the further up it will appear in the language list in the app. Try to add your language so it is sorted alphabetically,
```

Author: I think this step could be hard to accomplish for someone with 0 programming skills and i think it's better for this to be resolved in a PR. The little things like "how far down can i placed the line?" could become problematic.

5. You're done!

The language should now be available to the application. If you want to try it out yourself check out the Building section above on how to build a Development build.

> To include the translation with the published version of the application push your changes to its own brach and create a pull request for others to review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To include the translation with the published version of the application push your changes to its own branch and create a pull request for others to review.
```

> When the pull request has been approve a developer will merge your changes into the main branch and will be included with the next publishing build of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the pull request has been approved a developer will merge your changes into the main branch and the language will be included with the next publishing build of the application.
```
